doc: matter: Fix Matter Light Switch groupcast guide (#23561)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/matter/light_switch/README.rst

.. matter_light_switch_sample_prepare_to_testing_start

   1. |connect_kit|
   #. |connect_terminal_ANSI|
   #. If the devices were not erased during the programming, press and hold **Button 1** (**Button 0** for nRF54 Series device kits) on each device until the factory reset takes place.
   #. On each device, press **Button 1** (**Button 0** for nRF54 Series device kits) to start the Bluetooth LE advertising.

>    #. Commission devices to the Matter network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Commission the devices to the Matter network.
```

      See `Commissioning the device`_ for more information.

      During the commissioning process, write down the values for the light switch node ID and the light bulb node ID (or IDs, if you are using more than one light bulb).

>       These IDs are going to be used in the next steps (*<light_switch_node_ID>* and *<light_bulb_node_ID>*, respectively).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      These IDs are used in the next steps (*<light_switch_node_ID>* and *<light_bulb_node_ID>*, respectively).
```

   #. Use the :doc:`CHIP Tool <matter:chip_tool_guide>` ("Writing ACL to the ``accesscontrol`` cluster" section) to add proper ACL for the light bulb devices, establish a group for groupcast and bind the light switch.
      Depending on the number of the light bulb devices you are using, use one of the following commands, with *<light_switch_node_ID>* and *<light_bulb_node_ID>* values from the previous step about commissioning.

>       If you are using only one light bulb device, choose ``unicast`` tab and bind the light switch with the light bulb device.
>       If you are using more than one light bulb device, choose ``groupcast`` tab and connect all device to the multicast group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If you are using only one light bulb device, follow the instructions in the **unicast** tab to bind the light switch with the light bulb device.
      If you are using more than one light bulb device, follow the instructions in the **groupcast** tab to connect all devices to the multicast group.
```

               .. parsed-literal::
                  :class: highlight

                  chip-tool binding write binding '[{"fabricIndex": 1, "node": <light bulb node id>, "endpoint": 1, "cluster": 6}, {"fabricIndex": 1, "node": <light bulb node id>, "endpoint": 1, "cluster": 8}]' <light switch node id> 1

         .. group-tab:: groupcast

            The groupcast binding is used to bind the light switch with multiple light bulb devices.
            The following example shows how to estabilish a new group communication with the following parameters:

               * Group ID: 258
               * Group Name: Test_Group
               * Group Key Set ID: 349
               * Group Key Set Security Policy: 0
               * Epoch Key 0: a0a1a2a3a4a5a6a7a8a9aaabacad7531
               * Epoch Start Time 0: 1110000
               * Epoch Key 1: b0b1b2b3b4b5b6b7b8b9babbbcbd7531
               * Epoch Start Time 1: 1110001
               * Epoch Key 2: c0c1c2c3c4c5c6c7c8c9cacbcccd7531
               * Epoch Start Time 2: 1110002

            To learn more about groups in Matter, see the :ref:`ug_matter_group_communication` user guide.

>             Run the following commands to bind the light switch with the all light bulb devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Run the following commands to bind the light switch with all light bulb devices:
```

>             1. Setup a new group in the doc:`CHIP Tool <matter:chip_tool_guide>`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            1. Set up a new group in the doc:`CHIP Tool <matter:chip_tool_guide>`:
```

            .. parsed-literal::
               :class: highlight

               chip-tool groupsettings add-keysets 349 0 2220000 hex:a0a1a2a3a4a5a6a7a8a9aaabacad7531

>                chip-toolgroupsettings bind-keyset 258 349

Reviewer 2: Missing space after chip-tool

>          #. Set up all light bulbs devices:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         #. Set up all light bulb devices:
```

>             2. Setup all light bulbs devices:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            #. Set up all light bulbs devices:
```

               .. parsed-literal::
                  :class: highlight

                  chip-tool groupkeymanagement key-set-write {"groupKeySetID": 349, "groupKeySecurityPolicy": 0, "epochKey0": "a0a1a2a3a4a5a6a7a8a9aaabacad7531", "epochStartTime0": 1110000, "epochKey1": "b0b1b2b3b4b5b6b7b8b9babbbcbd7531", "epochStartTime1": 1110001, "epochKey2": "c0c1c2c3c4c5c6c7c8c9cacbcccd7531", "epochStartTime2": 1110002} <light bulb node id> 0
                  chip-tool groupkeymanagement write group-key-map [{"groupId": 258, "groupKeySetID": 349, "fabricIndex": 1}] <light bulb node id> 0
                  chip-tool groups add-group 258 Test_Group <light bulb node id> 1

                  chip-tool accesscontrol write acl '[{"fabricIndex": 1, "privilege": 5, "authMode": 2, "subjects": [112233], "targets": null}, {"fabricIndex": 1, "privilege": 3, "authMode": 3, "subjects": [258], "targets": [{"cluster": null, "endpoint": 1, "deviceType": null}]}]' <light bulb node id> 0

>             3. Setup light switch device:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            3. Set up the light switch device:
```
